#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restful
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pooch
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
audioread==2.1.9
    # via librosa
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via soundfile
charset-normalizer==2.0.10
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via flask
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   click
    #   loguru
    #   tqdm
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via librosa
flask==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restful
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restful==0.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.29.1
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.5.3
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.6.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.44.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.6.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.11.1
    # via markdown
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via flask
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via flask
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
keras==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
libclang==13.0.0
    # via tensorflow
librosa==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.38.0
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
loguru==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mysql-connector-python==8.0.27
    # via -r requirements.in
numba==0.55.1
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   pynndescent
    #   resampy
    #   umap-learn
numpy==1.21.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   opt-einsum
    #   resampy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   umap-learn
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   pooch
pillow==9.0.1
    # via matplotlib
pooch==1.6.0
    # via librosa
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   mysql-connector-python
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pynndescent==0.5.6
    # via umap-learn
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dotenv==0.19.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.3
    # via flask-restful
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pooch
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
resampy==0.2.2
    # via librosa
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   pynndescent
    #   resampy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   umap-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restful
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   resampy
    #   tensorflow
soundfile==0.10.3.post1
    # via librosa
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.24.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
tf-estimator-nightly==2.8.0.dev2021122109
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
torch==1.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   umap-learn
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
umap-learn==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
webrtcvad-wheels==2.0.10.post2
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
win32-setctime==1.0.4
    # via loguru
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
